[Music]
me
so look at this setup I'm gonna be right
here
hopefully I had some wisdom to provide
to pink wisdom cameras that's grace
what is your name sterling grace and
sterling this is a shoot for Allison you
guys know Allison I was at her
Valentine's Day party like a week ago
she runs this thing called pink wisdom
and it's just a bunch of ladies just
droppin the wisdom I don't know why I'm
here but it is an honor to be involved
[Music]
yes son in her and her element there's a
boa oh my goodness oh my goodness the
divine
[Applause]
oh my gosh yes I love it
we just answered all of the questions it
was so fun I'm very impressed with this
setup that the Allison has there's this
production studio and the kind of
Chelsea Midtown area and so the lighting
was so beautifully set up here was my
chair with the BOA televisions always
about the jellybeans all of the
jellybeans
here at risk kitchen I always always get
the gender of old
ginger bull
[Music]
busy day today tonight it's peachy live
with Sam Shepard's
some Korean home for that tonight at
8:00 p.m. you so standard might be there
or be square
it's frickin 65 degrees out there
perfect my my dinner leaked all over my
backpack
you know why guys you win some you lose
some
right now I'm winning because it is a
beautiful day outside sitting down
eating this food maybe maybe get an
office episode in and then Sam's gonna
be over here we're gonna do the Peachy
live technology live stream it's gonna
be dope the person firing you thanks
sherry okay I'm sorry
ya know trying to shake them off if they
want it will not I'll shake off my hat
or I before I get that out of my yeah um
I
I'll like boost with my helmet on with
you yeah I thought it went really well
there was a there was a great amount of
people in that stream and yeah Thomas
we're non-stop really good question yeah
yeah so this is kind of the
behind-the-scenes so we actually
streamed with my Sony a7r to plugged it
in via this like black magic box type
thing so it goes HDMI to Thunderbolt
into my computer into Wirecast once I
get into the flow of these live streams
and they get going I actually am going
to do a tutorial on how to livestream on
the YouTube not just how to live stream
but how to do it with you know like
picture and picture and some of the fun
things that we're doing because it's
it's honestly not super difficult you
just have to know the tools that you
need so Sam it was fun it was real you
rock you rock yeah and you can watch it
watch it now if you have not watched it
yet or just watch the rest of long you
can watch it out
it's and get this New York City sunny
outside it is 68 degrees outside today
I'm just I'm just in a fantastic mood
today is all about me I get to just get
stuff get things done
I have no meetings with other people my
windows are open all the windows are
open and if I get everything done today
I'm gonna reward myself with a beautiful
70 degree sunny New York City run I'm
gonna get my second second round of
coffee for the day feeling the
productive vibes are you feeling it hot
oMG Pham I need to introduce you to a
brand-new member of the family
meet Lola okay so this is Lola it is God
look how beautiful of a plant this is
now it's up to me to not kill Lola I'm
not going to say how much I paid for
this plant because it's kind of
ridiculous but you know what I supported
a local New York City Chelsea plant shop
so I'm doing my part I'm filming this so
I can have on record how healthy this
plant is right now because it's probably
not gonna last but I'm going to treat
you well
[Music]
honestly this video makes me cringe a
little February 24th that was one year
ago today it is so insane to think about
how so many things like so much can
change in just one year this past year
has brought so many amazing
opportunities so many amazing humans
have been brought into my life including
you guys including my internet fan if
you want to watch kind of a quick recap
I did make one but one year ago I made a
video that changed my life it changed
everything and I think it's such a cool
testament to you have no idea what is
around the corner you could be one video
one picture one blog post one exam one
college project away from altering your
life from living your dreams if you're
new around here that is a video that I
made around Casey Neistat that went
viral after he shot it at my channel and
it just grew my channel enormous ly and
I'll forever be grateful for it and for
the guys that for you guys and gals that
came over from it but I I had no idea
that today was the day until a twitter
friend that I met in buffer festival
actually made how to Sara DG uh vlog and
it made me laugh it really made me laugh
here we go fam it has been quite a day
quite a day I've just been here doing
the hustle getting the grind in editing
some epic travel videos for y'all but
now in true Sara deechi fashion it is
time to go to my favorite lunch place
sweet green so if you're feeling like
you want to reminisce and honestly have
a good laugh you should definitely check
out her video it'll be a
on the in screen a lot of a few people
have done like a how to peachy how to
say teach you a blog but this one is
probably the most true to how I actually
vlog and it's just funny it's really
funny and wow wow wow wow the things
that can happen in one year and I'll
definitely I need to get Casey in a vlog
sometime soon oh I'll make that happen
we'll make it happen tomorrow is going
to be a peachy live all around
photography if you're into that until
next time stay peachy guys okay
[Music]